[Music]
very good how are you my dearest
Lovers of the heart I hope you're
having a spectacular day by when by the time you
're watching This video I'll
probably be off work I hope it
's for a few days and have
our live
shows and our things back, you know
I'm a workaholic and I can't
be too far away from you guys no Besides
I'm very used to being with you guys
chatting with you guys
having a good time and honestly even if it
's only for a couple of days I'm
going to miss you guys I'm going to
miss you the way things are Hey do you think my
voice will change can you imagine that
the next time you go into one of
my videos you won't recognize me and I know how to subscribe
to the Channel oh my goodness what a chore just in case just in
case all of you who are
entering right now check that you
're subscribed check that you're
subscribed it's
another world that they're coming to this
video whether they know me or not if they know me if you're
interested in this type of content give it a
like give it a like subscribe and all that
stuff By the way it's very  It's
also important that you don't do it much, I'm going to have to
educate you, I'm going to have to
educate you, okay, it's also very important
that you click the
share button, okay. And well, after
giving you all the pain that I'm giving you,
incredible, incredible, what I just
found on Twitter, exclusive, exclusive, quote unquote,
okay, after giving the
news, Diego, after giving his version,
makoke, 10 minutes, he releases it as an exclusive,
we are Adventure Diego here, mega, who is his
pursuer, Diego Arrabal, is
protesting and complaining, well,
about what he released today, exclusively, quote
unquote, exclusive, 10 minutes, to be
honest, I find it
funny, I'm not going to complain either. Let me
also tell you one thing, these days
I was a little
upset because Diego Arrabal had
commented on some news that we
had already reported on this channel, like for
example the 50,000 euros for Marta
Riesgo and he hadn't given us credit,
so here he came for 10 minutes and
returned it to him, he returned it
completely. Let's see, one thing Antonio David
takes.  his son to live with him exclusive
puts you here okay you see it here exclusive
Antonio David takes his son to live
with him The young man no longer lives with Olga he
has moved into his father's apartment that he
has rented in Malaga with Marta risk
well let's see honestly honestly
until he lets us know he pronounces on
this we can't know the big thing
here there is one thing that I think needs to be
clarified not because Diego has
collected cables regarding this
no to this news that it is true that
the first to break it was him okay
that the way it was not correct and he was not right he was not
right because Diego Arrabal what he
said was that Olga said Antonio
David to the child you take him the child I don't
want him here anymore because I have rebuilt my
life okay Olga has always told us that it was not like that
Okay now she hasn't gone
into detail because this is something that
if her father wants to comment on it he will
comment on it one day but
basically basically what it looks like is
that man
Olga has plans to very
probably move to Madrid I believe that
although she has not
confirmed it I believe it is a very probable
reality  It would be the most logical thing in the
world, you just have to think about it.
What's Olga doing in Malaga if she's no longer
with the girl's father, that's why
she Malaga has fought with her friends.
Let's go, she has fought with her friends. She
has betrayed them. Olga, that villain,
in a bad way, would return to Seville
with her family. No, but well, what
makes sense if things continue to go well
with Agustín is that she heads for
Madrid. Okay, and she doesn't have the store. Nor does she have to
leave it. I mean, she can have the store
there, she has her worker, her
manager, no, and nothing else. I understand that
Antonio Maybe he'll be thinking of
taking the boy to Madrid with him
because in the end, all his life, these people
and all his bullying and all his things, he has them
in Madrid. If he's with Marta, he's very happy.
Marta, agriculturist, is in Madrid. He
has all his work in Madrid and he has
his lawyers in Madrid. He also has
everything. Leo is in Madrid. He has his
family in Malaga and all his things
there too in Malaga. Because he gives it to him there,
but really all his
work stuff. And if one day he returns to the
media and so on is in Madrid So in the
end I think that the kid if he
wants to leave because maybe he doesn't
want to he'll end up going to Madrid too
or so without further ado okay but here's the question
I don't think that the question here is that
I don't think it was like Diego
Arrabal said You take the child from here
because I don't want the child here at home anymore like
that Olga you see you don't
want to I don't want to put my hand in the
fire for anyone but I don't think it's like that okay I do
n't think it's like that but
well
the thing I'm saying arrabal when people
turn on each other and so on well Diego
Arrabal the hour what he's saying is
that his news was that David was no longer
living with Olga it's like well let's see your
news you no that's a very
shabby way of collecting cable no your news is
that okay But you told it in a
way and we believe that in that way It's not
but well anyway I also
tell you no Olga has denied it through
Marina Hernal and through Enrique
García and now the magazine Diez minutos
I'm not going to show the content because  inside
okay this girl the tweeter publishes it
you see you don't have anything either yes if she
showed it but magazines can't be
shown inside here but for
copyright reasons I wouldn't have much of a
problem showing it but more than anything
because what 10 minutes has done here
seems very tacky to me I mean
basically what 10 minutes has published
are old photographs here
on the cover for example you are seeing
this one let's say we
youtubers have put this photograph in all the
thumbnails there are and we
have supervised it and there are a couple of photos
of David around the neighborhood David in
Olga's portal which are photos that are not
current okay And then the words Well
basically they are fillers meaning they have taken a
cover and
an exclusive I mean they have made a
clickbait they have made that brand here I'm not going
to say the name of YouTube but they have
made a nice click because really neither
the news about it nor the nor have they
worked very hard on the roof and on top of that the
photographs are already from the archive okay and the
subject of the of the Well more than anything what they
do is they tell you a little bit about
the  summary of the latest things not
around Antonio David that his son
lives with him and the issue of the apartment canal
apartment of 2000 euros a month the apartment has not
cost them 2000 euros a month okay that was the
price that the apartments have there on
that seafront not on that Avenue
But for him if I'm not mistaken from what I
understand he has negotiated the
price a little no Let's go that it has been
cheap but it is between 1500
1600 1700 things like that what he is
paying that no Hey listen to me it is not just
any rental it is a good it is
a good gentleman apartment okay let's see and also
I would say that if it is not the best area of
Malaga to live one of the best one
of the most beautiful okay he has chosen very
well you read very well I think that maybe
Antonio vi has always had the
dream or the desire to live there okay
also from where he lives
Where there was now to where Olga lives there
like 600 meters walk okay in a
straight line So that's where it goes
family come on listen to me  I'll tell you
something else Before closing the video that
where I lived with Olga wasn't
nonsense either, it was very good
Family urbanization What do you think the truth is
that it's very tacky on the part of 10 minutes
this is very tacky very tacky very tacky I'm going to
analyze the rest of the covers but come on
this is very tacky over here okay this is that let's
see this in the end I don't know if the paper
has much of a future that the content that
the magazine has given you 10 minutes in
any YouTube live stream I'm not going to
tell you three gossip that yes no but in
any live stream from another colleague you
find out better and you are more entertained
family What do you think I will be
reading you I send you a huge hug and
until the next video
[Music]